B24 interview questions
========================
1. What are the phases / steps of SDLC
Requirement gathering
Business analysis / Defining Requirements
Design product architecture
Develop
Testing
Deployment/Maintenance

2. What is testing?
Main goal: create bug free enviornment and reach customer expectations.
Comparing actual result vs expected
 
3. What is manual testing?
The process of conducting our tests without the use of automation. We do this mostly when tests are not repeatable or if they require user input.  We can also do manual testing when speed is required.  Captcha/2FA also requires manual testing.

4. What is automated testing?
The process of testing using scripts to be able to run significantly more tests in less time (more efficient). 

5. What is static testing?
Testing the requirements in documentation.

6. What is verification?
Static testing, we are making sure that the code is to spec of the client per documentation.

7. What is validation?
Dynamic testing, requires code execution. Checking if the business needs of the customer are met

8. What is dynamic testing?
The actual testing of the application

9. What is unit testing and who does that? 
Unit testing is the process of testing a single functionality of the application

10. what is functional testing?
Testing the functionalities of the application.  We are testing to validate every function of the application

11. what is unit testing and who does that? 
12. What is smoke test?
We test the major/critical functionalities of our application.  We run this every morning to make sure that our app is up and running.

13. Who runs the smoke test?
Depending on the structure of the company, the test team creates and runs the smoke test.  We run it automatically by scheduling it to run every morning with Jenkins.

14. How long does your smoke test take to run?
We have x number of scenarios (15-25) and it only takes about 15 minutes to run

15. How many scenarios does your smoke test have? 
15-25

16. Where do we run smoke test?  
We create a job on Jenkins tool to pull the tests from Github and schedule them to run

17. What is white box testing?
Testing the code with good knowledge and understanding of code (Code is visible).
-unit integration testing is an example.  Conducted by Devs

18. What is black box testing?
Testing the app without knowledge of the code.
-examples: UAT/Beta testing/System testing.

20. How many environments you have in your project
In my project, we have 4 = Dev, Test, Staging/pre-production, Production

21. What is regression testing?
Checking that when new code is pushed to our app, it doesn't break/create bugs in our existing functionalities.

22. How Many scenarios you have in you regression?
We have about 700 tests in our regression. 70-80% automated

23. How long does your regression take place?
About 4

24. Is your smoke suite dynamic? tell me more
Yes, our smoke suite is dynamic.  We are able to add or remove test cases as our functionalities change.

25. Who decides which scenarios go to smoke which go to regression? 
1. Test team decides which tests go to smoke and regression.
2. Test team creates the scenarios and ultimately our QA Lead, Jason, decides which ones go to the Suite.


26. Where do you run regression?
We run our regression in the staging/pre-production enviornment.

27. how many scenarios automated in your regression?
80% automated, 20% manual.

28. Is your all smoke suite automated?
Our smoke suite is entirely automated.
 
29. Tell me 3 things you like about Agile?
1. Communication with customer and ability to accept requirements/direction changes quickly
2. Ease of team communication and collaboration
3. Shorter development time / gets to market quicker. (Quick delivery of results)

30. What do you find challenging about Agile 
1. Lack of documentation provides a challenge
2. All team members need to have a strong knowledge of Agile concepts to cohesively work together.
3. Rapid changes can be hard to predict and we need to be able to adapt to this.

31. What do you like about agile?
I like agile because it allows easy team collaboration, and because of the flexibility of Agile, we are able to deliver greater customer satisfaction.

32. What challenges can you have while working in agile environment?
Potentially, we could run into an issue if a team member leaves unexpectedly during a project.  The lack of documentation could cause us to lose time while we are trying to understand their frameworks etc...

Final product might be unclear due to changing requirements.  It is sometimes hard to gauge what the end result is supposed to look like.

33. Who accepts user stories?
Product owner accepts the User Stories.  Based on Definition of Done, The dev team (devs and QA) completes the US, the PO either accepts it or rejects it.

34. Describe me your team? 

I work in a scrum setup.  In my scrum we have 3 devs, 2 testers, 1 SM, and our PO. 

// Project - 4 teams on the project
// Team - 3 devs, 2 testers
// 700ish regression tests.  80% Automation - 1 regression for whole project
// 25 test Smoke Suite 100% automated. - 1 smoke for whole project


35. What do you like about being part of scrum team?
I like being part of a scrum because of the ease of collaboration and communication with my teammates.  Because of great communication capabilities, we are able to overcome obstacles easily with the support of our team.

36. What is your team size? 
In my scrum we have 3 devs, 2 testers, 1 SM, and our PO. 

37. What is product backlog?
Product backlog is the log maintained by the PO consisting of the user stories.  PO writes the US and AC's/

38. What is sprint backlog?
At sprint planning meeting, SM selects User Stories to move to the Sprint Backlog.  They are used and Maintained by the Dev team and SM during the sprint.  Sprint backlog contains tasks that need to be completed, as well as the total 

39. How long is you sprint? 
our sprint is two weeks long

40. Tell me about sprint grooming
Sprint Grooming is when the PO defines and explains the User Stories to the Dev Team.  In my project, this meeting is conducted after the Sprint Planning meeting to make sure all US/AC are clearly defined.

41. Tell me about sprint planning 
In the Sprint Planning meeting, Capacity and Velocity is defined.  We discuss what can be done this sprint //

42. Tell me about daily stand up
The daily stand up meeting is a 15 minute at the beginning of the day where the scrum team gets together and discusses what we did yesterday, what we are doing today, and if there are any obstacles we are facing.  This is a mandatory meeting conducted daily and is important for team communication and collaboration.

43. Tell me about retro meeting 
Discuss what went well, what didnt go well

44. How often do you have releases?
Our company has an official release about once every three months.

45. What is definition of ready? 
DOR is the checklist that we use to ensure we are ready for the sprint to start.  It is an agreement between the PO and dev team regarding if a User Story is ready to go into the backlog.

46. What is definition of done?
DOD is conducted at the Demo meeting.  This is a checklist to ensure that a User Story is finished and ready for delivery.  (All tests are passing, test cases are documented, all + and - scenarios are covered).

47. What is Epic
An Epic is a User Story that is too large to complete in a single iteration/sprint.  We break Epics down into smaller User Stories to complete within the sprints.

48. What is user story


49. What is AC 


50. What is increment?
Incrementing is the sum of all Product Backlog items completed during the sprint, and what stage of the product that puts us in.

51. What is testing? 
idk

52. Tell me about your project

Right now I am working for NextBase as a Software Development Engineer in 
Test. It has been 3 years I am in this position. There are several 
projects under the company, and the application I work is NextBase CRM - 
Customer Relationship Management. It is a web based application for 
customers to organize the collaboration between team members, as well as 
to manage the documentation flow, reporting and task assignments. 
Moreover, the application has very advance customer service and support 
capabilities. It is an internal application, where different users with 
different roles and permissions can create end to end work-flows, which 
has been unique experience for me to test. Also the application enables 
users to share files, create calendar activities and generate reports 
related to the work-flows. The application has several modules like Tasks, 
chat and call, work-flows, etc, the one me and my team are working 
currently is Time and Reports. The module is the combination of Absence, 
Work time, reports and meetings features. Application utilizes Orcale DB. 
We use POM Cucumber Framework for automation  testing. My main 
responsibility is maintaining the framework, regression suite and smoke 
test as well as in sprint automation testing.

53. What you do while developer developing the code

54. How many environments you have in your project

55. What do you do when you find a defect? 

56. What is defect priority? and who decides that?

57. What is defect severity? and who decides that?


58. What project management tool do you use? 
59. What questions you have for us?
60. Why are you applying to our company? 
61. Describe your testing process during the sprint
62. What motivates you?
63. What demotivates you? 
64. Where do you see yourself in 6 months? - short term 
65. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?  - long term 
66. Three things you good at?
67. When to start testing?
68. Why to automate? 
69. When to automate?
70. How to achieve better test coverage?  
71. Tell me about your project 
72. Your day to day activities
73. My responsibilities
